docs: jcloud docs revamp for instance (#5759)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/jcloud/configurations.md

In JCloud, you can pass highly customizable, finely-grained resource requests for each Executor using the `jcloud.resources` argument in your Flow YAML.

### Instance

JCloud uses the concept of an "instance" to represent a specific set of hardware specifications.

> In above example, a C4 instance type represents two cores and 4 GB RAM based on the CPU Tiers instance definition table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, a C4 instance type represents two cores and 4 GB RAM based on the CPU tiers instance definition table below.
```

> Note that if you are still using the legacy resource specification interface, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we will translate the raw numbers from input to instance tier that fits most closely if you are still using the legacy resource specification interface, such as:
```

Suggest wrapping this in an admonition. I'd add the code but since it includes lots of backticks GH won't render it. Just `grep admonition` in the `docs/` folder and you'll see some examples

Author: ok fixed

```{code-block} yaml
jcloud:
  resources:
    cpu: 8
    memory: 8G
```

> We would translate the raw numbers from input to instance tier that fits most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I moved this up to connect it better

> There are circumstances the instance tier does not exactly fulfill the CPU cores and Memory you need, like in above example.
> But we would "ceil" the requests to the lowest tier that would satisfy all the specifications. 
> In this case, `C6` would be considered, as `C5`'s `Cores` is lower than what's being requested (4 vs 8).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are circumstances in the instance tier where they don't exactly fulfill the CPU cores and memory you need, like in the above example.
In cases like this we "ceil" the requests to the lowest tier that satisfies all the specifications. 
In this case, `C6` would be considered, as `C5`'s `Cores` are lower than what's being requested (4 vs 8).
```

In JCloud, you can pass highly customizable, finely-grained resource requests for each Executor using the `jcloud.resources` argument in your Flow YAML.

### Instance

JCloud uses the concept of an "Instance" to represent a specific set of hardware specifications.
In above example, a C4 instance type represents two cores and 4 GB RAM based on the CPU Tiers Instance definition table below.

Note that if you are still using the legacy resource specification interface, as such:

```{code-block} yaml
jcloud:
  resources:
    cpu: 8
    memory: 8G
```

> We would translate the raw numbers from input to Instance tier that fits most. 

Author: > Why is Instance capitalized? Think I asked this before

Yea it's discussed before, ok let me fix it

> We would translate the raw numbers from input to Instance tier that fits most. 

Author: fixed.

     For example, if an Executor uses `C3` and it has two replicas, the `Credits Per Hour` for the Executor would double to `20`.
     The only exception here is when sharding is used, `C1` would be used for the shards head, regardless of what instance type has been
     entered for the shared Executor.

```{hint}
Please visit [Jina AI Cloud Pricing](https://cloud.jina.ai/pricing/) for more information about billing and credits.
```

#### CPU Tiers

| Instance | Cores | Memory   | Credits Per Hour |
|----------|-------|----------|------------------|
| C1       | 0.1   | 0.2 GB   | 1                |
| C2       | 0.5   | 1 GB     | 5                |
| C3       | 1     | 2 GB     | 10               |
| C4       | 2     | 4 GB     | 20               |
| C5       | 4     | 8 GB     | 40               |
| C6       | 8     | 16 GB    | 80               |
| C7       | 16    | 32 GB    | 160              |
| C8       | 32    | 64 GB    | 320              |

By default, C1 is allocated to each Executor and Gateway.

JCloud offers the general Intel Xeon processor (Skylake 8175M or Cascade Lake 8259CL) for the CPU instances. 

> #### GPU Tiers

Author: fixed

- IO performance is slower compared to `ebs` or `ephemeral`
- The disk can be shared with other Executors or Flows.
- Default storage size is `5G`.

If your Executor needs high IO, you can use `ebs` instead. Note that:

- The disk cannot be shared with other Executors or Flows.

> - Default storage size is `5G`.

Author: changed to 5 GB

````

#### Pricing

> Here are the numbers in terms of per GB Credits Per Month used for the three kinds of storage described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the numbers in terms of credits per GB per month for the three kinds of storage described above.
```

It is credits per GB per month, right?

Author: yup, thanks for catching this

> | Instance  | Credits Per Month Per GB|

Reviewer: Huggingface are using sentence case. Only first letter capitalized, not first letter of every word

> | Instance  | Credits Per Month Per GB|

Author: ok let me fix that

> | Instance  | Credits Per Month Per GB|

Author: fixed

> | Instance  | Credits per month per GB|

Author: changed to per GB per month

| min    | 1           | int                      | Minimum number of replicas (`0` means serverless) |
| max    | 2           | int, up to 5             | Maximum number of replicas                        |
| metric | concurrency | `concurrency`  /   `rps` | Metric for scaling                                |

> | target | 100         | int                      | Target number each replicas tries to maintain     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| target | 100         | int                      | Target number of replicas to try to maintain     |
```

> After JCloud deployment using the autoscaling configuration, the Flow serving part is just the same: the only difference you may notice is it takes a few extra seconds to handle the initial requests since it needs to scale the deployments behind the scenes. Let JCloud handle the scaling from now on, and you can deal with the code!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a JCloud deployment using the autoscaling configuration, the Flow serving part is just the same: the only difference you may notice is it takes a few extra seconds to handle the initial requests since it needs to scale the deployments behind the scenes. Let JCloud handle the scaling from now on, and you can deal with the code!
```

### Pricing

> At this moment, pricing for autoscaled Executor/Gateway follows the same {ref}`JCloud pricing rules <jcloud-pricing>` for the most part.
> We track the minimum number of replicas in autoscale configurations and use it as multiplier for the replicas used when calculating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, pricing for autoscaled Executor/Gateway follows the same {ref}`JCloud pricing rules <jcloud-pricing>` for the most part.
We track the minimum number of replicas in autoscale configurations and use it as a multiplier for the replicas used when calculating the
```

> `Credits Per Hour`.

Author: fixed

### Restrictions
```{admonition} **Restrictions**

> - Autoscale does not currently allow the use of `ebs` as a storage kind in combination. Please use `efs` and `ephemeral` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autoscale does not currently allow the use of `ebs` as a storage type in combination. Please use `efs` and `ephemeral` instead.
```

> - If the Gateway uses a multi-protocol setup, autoscale is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autoscale is not supported for multi-protocol Gateways.
```

    uses: jinaai+docker://<username>/Executor1
```

> You can pass the `enable: true` argument to `gateway`, so as to only enable the tracing support in the Gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the `enable: true` argument to `gateway` to only enable tracing support in the Gateway:
```
